Ludum Dare 48 - Deeper and Deeper

Game: Write down The Meaning of Life (or try to)
Text game where you try to figure out the answer that solves the problem for good
Most answers will work only temporarily
Distractions: Prayers, Archangel, Son, Chosen People
Emphasise: humor, creativity, content

Dungeon Delve
Ocean diving
Deck drawing (digging deep)
Dumb and Dumber
Depth - 
Inside the human body
Deep conversation - interactive online message board.
Ask 'Why?' seven times to get the real answer
Rabbit Hole
Dig Dug
Spelunker
F For Fake - Simpsons halloween special - How To Cook (for) Humans
Getting more and more into trouble
Interview with an artist, discussing the meaning of their work
Journalist asking you questions
Asking someone questions - Her Story

You are an art restorer. Fix the art with various tools
Have 7 paintings. Erase to find the hidden symbols
1 painting shows 6 symbols in a pattern. Erase even more to find the reverse spell
5 paintings can be erased to reveal hidden symbols underneath
1 blank canvas. Draw the missing symbol to complete the ritual
Drawers. Open to find your tools
One drawer has a lock. Use a tool to open/break the lock. Find the pattern
Layers of paint. Erase the top layers to reveal the bottom. Erase it all to find an etching on the canvas? Another painting? Blood?

D For Deep
Detective interviewing artist. Are they the real deal? Are you?



Diary - lists the days that you spent in the workshop
Fix a short-term problem. Ripple effect creates new problems



Stomach rumbles. Check fridge. No food - forgot to re-order. Go back in time. Place order food.
Plant is on its leaf. Go back in time. Water plant.
Cat bowl appears. "Where's wiskers? Bowl has cobwebs." Go back in time. Feed it to keep it around.
Note on the table. Your wife left. Go back in time. Write a letter.



Tunnel Vision: fix "problems" in your life to get more work done
Things keep interupting you. You can't focus. Deal with the problems.
Group chat - friends keep texting. Cancel plans / leave group
Cat - keeps meowing (wanting attention). Throw it outside
Plant - needs constant water. Trash it
Kids - "Look what I can do!" Give them a tablet

Witch Theme
Group chat - scrying orb that won't shut up
Cat - familiar that says you're doing it all wrong
Plant - venus fly trap constantly begging for water
Wife - the devil. needs more sacrifices
Kids - thrall/drudge/ghoul gains consciousness. rehypnotize

God Theme
Writing down the meaning of the universe, Chapter 1,138
Look down at Holy Book. Write. Get distracted.
Group chat - unanswered prayers. A bunch of thought bubbles. Select one: Grant/Deny. Select All: Grant/Deny. Solve: mark Do Not Ask Again
Cat - angel looking for things to do. Enter someone's dream. Burn a bush. Solve: cast it down to hell
Plant - wrongly mutated being that needs constant fixes. Remove tumors. Solve: say "You're made in my image. You are perfect."
Wife - Son of God constantly saying how bad everyone is behaving, how Good he is. Reassure. Idly agree. Solve: sacrifice
Kids - chosen ones are in trouble again. Smite them / sic a whale on them / turn them to dust / give them the Fruit of Knowledge


FANTASTICAL
Dwarves digging deeper and deeper
Island paradise with darker undertones
Inception planting memories in head

Credits:
Font Gothic Pixel: https://www.dafont.com/gothic-pixel.font?text=The+Meaning+of+Life+is
Font Po$h Pixel https://www.dafont.com/po-h-pixels.font?text=The+Meaning+of+Life+is